README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
 
  <img src="images/LOGO.jpg" alt="logo" width="160"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>Mobile Portfolio Project</b></h3>

</div>



# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)


# 📖 Mobile Portfolio Project <a name="about-project"></a>

**[Mobile Website Portfolio]** is the first section of creating a Personal Mobile Website that will be a main tool in the Web Developer career.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>
1- HTML
2- CSS
3- Linters
4- Figma Template
5- Flexbox
6  Grid Layout

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/"></a>GitHub</li>
    <li><a href="https://youtube.com/"></a>YouTube</li>
    <li><a href="https://www.microverse.org"></a>Microverse</li>
    <li><a href="https://figma.com"></a>Figma</li>
  </ul>
</details>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>



- **[Added mobile.html]**
- **[Added styles.css]**
- **[Added .gitignore]**
- **[Added /images]**
- **[Added Toolbar Mobile Section]**
- **[Added Headline Mobile Section]**
- **[Added Projects Mobile section]**
- **[Added About Me Mobile section]**


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- Coming soon!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

Web Browser (Chrome recommended)
Code editor (VS recommended)
GitHub account

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone "https://github.com/JuanDBta/Mobile-portfolio.git"
```
### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

Open mobile.html using live server extension.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>



👤 **Micronaut JUAN DAVID DIAZ**

- GitHub: [@JuanDBta](https://github.com/JuanDBta)
- Twitter: [@diazgjuan](https://twitter.com/diazgjuan)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/juan-david-diaz-)
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Add Contact Form Mobile section]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, please give me a like, it doesn't cost you anything and it helps me a lot to keep working.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank Bee in Student Success who is always avalaible to solve issues and Microverse for push us to work hard every day!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Make corrections from the review

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
 
  <img src="images/LOGO.jpg" alt="logo" width="160"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>Mobile Portfolio Project</b></h3>

</div>



# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)


# 📖 Mobile Portfolio Project <a name="about-project"></a>

**[Mobile Website Portfolio]** is the first project for building a Personal Mobile Website that will be a main tool in the Web Developer career.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>
1- HTML
2- CSS
3- Linters
4- Figma Template
5- Flexbox
6  Grid Layout

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/"></a>GitHub</li>
    <li><a href="https://youtube.com/"></a>YouTube</li>
    <li><a href="https://www.microverse.org"></a>Microverse</li>
    <li><a href="https://figma.com"></a>Figma</li>
  </ul>
</details>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>



- **[Added mobile.html]**
- **[Added styles.css]**
- **[Added .gitignore]**
- **[Added /images]**
- **[Added Toolbar Mobile Section]**
- **[Added Headline Mobile Section]**
- **[Added Projects Mobile section]**
- **[Added About Me Mobile section]**
- **[Added Contact Form Mobile section]**


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- Coming soon!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

Web Browser (Chrome recommended)
Code editor (VS recommended)
GitHub account

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone "https://github.com/JuanDBta/Mobile-portfolio.git"
```
### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

Open mobile.html using live server extension.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>



👤 **Micronaut JUAN DAVID DIAZ**

- GitHub: [@JuanDBta](https://github.com/JuanDBta)
- Twitter: [@diazgjuan](https://twitter.com/diazgjuan)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/juan-david-diaz-)

👤 **Micronaut WLADIMIR PASQUEL**

- GitHub: [@lordksix](https://github.com/lordksix)
- Email:  wladimir.pasquel@urp.edu.pe

👤 **Micronaut SERGIO PERALTA**

- GitHub: [@SergioPeralta22](https://github.com/SergioPeralta22)
- Email: seperalta88@gmail.com

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Add Contact Form Mobile section]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, please give me a like, it doesn't cost you anything and it helps me a lot to keep working.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank Bee in Student Success who is always avalaible to solve issues and Microverse for push us to work hard every day!

I would like to thank the huge contributions that my colleagues: Wladimir Pasquel and Sergio Peralta, who contriubted to my project and made a great job in the Contact Me Section and also, they kindly helped me with corrections and tips to improve my project´s code. 

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
